Powerpoint-Platformer
=====================

XNA Powerpoint Platformer

Video at http://youtu.be/RYIHuTe8KPA

This is the other half of my presentation. I wanted to make a power point presentation into more like a side scroller, so I printed out the slides into into images and used those as backgrounds. 

I used mario sprites for my players, using only 2 frames for animation. Animation was much more difficult than I anticipated, and spent more time than I intended. All 4 characters can be controlled by 4 360 controllers, so the audience could play with me. I played mario to control the slides, by leaving stage-left/right or jumping into the boxes. 

I used sound effects generated by the website http://www.superflashbros.net/as3sfxr/. I generally knew that classic jump effects were automated notes that bend up an octave and white noises were used for harsh sounds, but that website helped achieve the classic 8 bit tones. Each of the characters move at a different speed, so I used corresponding jump sounds - the slowest one was the lowest note and vice versa. Each character's jump noise were the notes G, C, E G - so they were in harmony with each other. 

I used a rendition of "Daisy Bell", by changing the instruments in Sibelius and restructuring it to be more loop friendly. In the end I cut out the outro to trigger at the finale of the presentation. I transposed the song to the key of C to be harmonious with the jump sounds as well. "Daisy Bell" in particular was because it was the first song that a computer "sang" or digitized. This is also touched upon by the infamous HAL in Space Odyssey; I wanted to acknowledge one of the early relationships between music and computers. 

The first half of the presentation concerns my research of Capcom's Street Fighter 2 - Ryu's Theme. I studied it then took what I learn in making music for Asteroid Belt Assault, which is the other part of the presentation. 

My projects covered researching a subject, programming and implementing audio, and game development. It was much work, but I enjoyed it immensely when everything was presentable in the end!
